
# Marketing Data Analyst

### Work Experiences
#### Freelance in Data Analytics and AI Model Training @ Freelancer.com
- Conducted data analysis and reporting to retrieve underlying problems, provide insights, and support relevant business decision-making for respective clients.
- Assessing the responses generated by AI models to enhance their eﬀectiveness as generative models by ensuring the accuracy and relevance of the content.

#### Business Development Associate - Online Community @ Shopee International Indonesia
- Facilitated business reports to the Board of Directors by presenting useful insights and actionable recommendations from weekly sentiment and competitor analysis, resulting in a 15% increase in sellers’ satisfaction.
- Boosted community engagement by 37% by transforming social media data from Kampus Shopee (Shopee’s seller community) channels and incorporating market research findings into constructive reports.
- Developed interactive charts and infographics to provide a better understanding to respective managers and teams.
- Adjusted tracking systems using Google Script Editor to automate basic data collection and performed regular data monitoring to ensure its accuracy.

#### New Media - Channel Management @ NET Mediatama Televisi
- Executed content strategy projects for ZULU’s social media and YouTube, ensuring alignment with marketing goals and increasing the audience’s reach through structured planning and team collaboration.
- Participated in weekly performance review for digital content, conducting data analysis and reporting to inform strategic decisions aimed at driving digital growth.

### Projects
#### Psychological Assessment of Employee Burnout and Well-being (2024)
- In-depth analysis of employee burnout and well-being levels in the Directorate General of Treasury, Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Indonesia.
#### Survival Prediction of Titanic Passengers (2023)
- Predicted the survival probabilities of Titanic passengers using KNIME and two machine learning approaches: Decision Tree and Naïve Bayes.
#### Clustering Method for COVID-19 Cases (2022)
- Discovered the association between COVID-19 vaccine deployment on the reduction of stringent policy in ASEAN countries using PCA and K-MEANS Clustering.
#### Discovers Depression Factors in Older Adults (2022)
- Identiﬁed physical health, emotional, and technology factors on depression in older adults in the English population using SPSS and Binary Logistic Regression.

### Awards
#### 2nd Winner of Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre Hackathon 2023
- Topic: Identification of Total Downtimes on Machines Used in Manufacturing Industries
#### 2nd Winner of The 21st Indonesian Scholars International Convention Essay Competition 2023
- Essay Topic: Growth Aspects of Artificial Intelligence Technology Innovation in the Healthcare Industry in Indonesia
